Mr. Shen, do you want to try this injury too?
Don't ask about it
Under the Tree
Ask for help
Is it still useful to keep it?
Go and make that waste in Shenyang for me
Mr. Shen is the bastard Shenyang
Disrupt our plans over and over again
And he turned against the Vipers
But here's the thing.
He also stole my wife
Ye Wanting
Wife yes
Shen Yan's wife, Ye Wanting
One of the most beautiful women in Jiangcheng now
You reminded me of that.
Shen Yan is difficult to deal with
Then let's tie up his wife
By the way, give him this invitation and letter
Tell him we have the woman he loves
If you know the truth, trade your life for it
Otherwise, I'll be at the Dragon Shop Return Banquet
Dedicated his wife naked to the owner of the dragon shop
You heard what I just said
No, I didn't hear you.
Did not hear
Only the dead can protect the inhabitants
Remember who brought you back from the dead
Who is that?
Is your master
I see.
This is all thanks to Mr. Shen
I will do it now.
Ye Wanting
Come back to me quickly, our dad passed away
What then I'll be back now